Rishee Nithyananda Venkatraman
risheevenkatraman@gmail.com | +1 943-201-2011
|
EDUCATION
AI/ML Engineering Course Certification Graduated August 2026
TripleTen Salt Lake City, UT
Bachelor of Science - Biomedical Engineering Graduated May 2026
Georgia Institute of Technology Atlanta, GA
SKILLS
Programming Languages Python | Java | C++ | C | C# | JavaScript/TypeScript | R | Scala | Rust
Technologies AWS | pandas| Docker | React.js | Flask | MySQL | MongoDB | NumPy | PyTorch
Git | Scikit-learn | Apache Spark | TensorFlow | Azure
EXPERIENCE
Self Employment Since May 2022
PC Builder/Optimizer Atlanta, GA
• Helped clients off my own personal website and through recommendations from satisfied customers design
and build computer/server systems.
• Sourced parts to design systems within my customers’ budgets while prioritizing performance and fitting their
specific needs out of a computer system.
• Created my own set of windows optimizations and general PC optimization software to improve the overall
performance of computer systems, remove unnecessary bloatware, and optimize windows processes.
EXIGO Technologies LLC Feb 2026 - Jul 2026
AI Integration Engineer Suwanee, GA
• Helped integrate AI tools into the workflow for this startup, tools including Zapier and Warp to help manage
workflow and payroll.
• Taught startup employees how to utilize AI programming tools such as Claude, GitHub Copilot, and more to
streamline development pipelines and projects.
• Developed an internal file summarization/query system using RAG methodology and DeepSeek-R1 as the LLM
model.
South Forsyth HS Jan 2023 - May 2025
Alumni FRC Mentor Cumming, GA
• Was the lead programmer and electrician until my graduation in 2022. Following 3 FRC seasons I returned as
an alumni mentor to teach current members and guide them through the FIRST Robotics Competition season.
• Taught programming team members basic software development concepts, source control, basic to intermedi-
ate Java, and the features of the FRC Java API and its libraries.
• Attended competitions with the active team each year to advise players during the competition, helping the
team secure two back to back world championship qualifications.
NOTABLE PROȷECTS
Stock Prediction App March 2026 - Current
AI/ML Developer Atlanta, GA
• Developing a stock prediction app with a set of 3 other developers to track stock market movements of popular
stocks, track movements of public trades by successful stock traders, and provide information to increase the
financial literacy of users.
• Utilized data science concepts to pull information of popular stocks, new upcoming stocks, and movements
made by top traders. Took the pulled data and cleaned and processed it through a data pipeline to yield clean
data to fine tune LLM model for our purposes.
• Utilized data processed through data pipeline to fine tune DeepSeek-R1 model to process stock market data
and make predictions to suggest stocks to users. Additionally analyzes the movements of traders that are fed to
it to learn why those movements were made by comparing with news headlines regarding the company.
eSports Organization Website Jul 2026 - Aug 2026
Full Stack Developer Atlanta, GA
• Individually developed a website for an upcoming North American eSports organization called Zodiac eSports.
• Created necessary pages and features to the owner’s design, such as pages showcasing their individual teams,
a home page showcasing new organization social media posts, page showing their staff, and a shop page.
• Integrated JavaScript features to the website pages to create an interactable shop that will allow you to process
payments right in the website. Integrated MySQL as a backend database to allow website users to create profiles
for easy information saving for checkout, sign up for newsletters, and other features that require users to create
a profile.